[ios , macos] Exclude CJK resources from offline download by default (#14952)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-native: platform/ios/CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone. Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## master

> * Exclude CJK resources from offline download by default. ([#14176](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/14176))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ideographic glyphs from Chinese, Japanese, and Korean are no longer downloaded by default as part of offline packs; they are instead rendered on-device, saving bandwidth and storage while improving performance. ([#14176](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/14176))
```
